Okay,
this effort
lasted seven or eight years. And the toy. Trying to
get into business for myself.
American Marketplace, which seemed, you know,
vast and full of opportunities. They had a
product. But the actual development of the
product turned out to be much more difficult
because I assumed that companies would help in
that they were interested in the development
until I found out they were interested maybe in a
finished new product, totally finished. So it was
a struggle to come up with a finished product. I did
have this fellow, Mike Dorsey, who inherited some
money an esteemed attorney had introduced me and
thought, why don't you get in with Mike and see if we
can develop that idea. So we became buddies for a
while and I did the drawings and the technical
stuff, the layouts for the racket and then I would
sub out the work to some machine shop and so forth
and we'd come up with first crude models, and that
wasn't good enough. We had to make another model.
And it was a really tedious, fairly expensive
process. And finally, Dorst didn't want any more.
So I didn't do anything, because I usually had a job
then. By then, I was in the mill business
as an estimator in the wood business. And it
wasn't, I was not in a necessary in a hurry. Nobody
else was making any tennis rackets. So, but I
always fool around with it and come up with a new
model and I test it out, take it out to the courts.
And one of the biggest problems was the cutting of
the strings because of the sharpness of the edges.
And that was very difficult to resolve. And then
they come up with plastic strips and inserts with a
nice black insert, by the way, which is the way they
came out later on. And then Mr. Carson, who was a
developer,
Al? Al Carstens. Carstens. Let me see if I'm
picking this stuff up. My terror, of course, is
playing these things at a later time.
And he was very interested in this project. He had
plenty of successful developments in Teo. And so
he wanted to put some money back, whatever cost you
want to model, OK, let's make it up. And in fact, his
father, who was 70 some odd years old, also thought
the idea was great. He must have talked to him about
it, you know. And he made us a model, the finest
model that was ever made. It was made by Al Carson's
father. He could get the holes cleaned. Nobody
else could. The little birds were not there. No,
the little birds were not there. He was from the old
country. And, excuse me, and, but there was
something came up. They did not want their father
to do any more of those things. I heard, I got that
impression. Don't bother, you know, I was really
enthused when I saw that model that he made. He had
no problem doing it. But I think a family matter
came up and they didn't want their 77-year-old
father working in a wood shop or wherever he was all
day. So that thing kind of fell through. But we did
make some models. We played with it. And I was very
impressed with the power of it. I could see that it
was going to be a much superior racket to wood as
soon as I got the strings and about an ounce or a half
an ounce overweight. and the balance corrected, I
knew it was going to be a much better... I could see
my serve was much harder right away. I served more
aces, so I knew the idea was right. It was just a
question of the technology and engineering. How
did you take up tennis as a young man? What caused
you to turn to tennis instead of soccer? The usual
story. Ice skating. I had a curvature of the spine
and my doctor said I had to do something to some
exercise.
But that was one part. The other part was my dad had
bought me a violin and I I really was not too crazy
about my violin lessons. So I traded in the violin
for a tennis racket. And the first year I won the
Junior Championships of Schweidnitz, which is
not very much, but we had four courts and I won the
Junior Championship and from then on there was no
stopping me in the game. I mean, you start out
winning your first tennis tournament, and the
same happened to me in skiing. I won my first
slalom, giant slalom. So, you know, you can't stop
somebody when you get that kind of a start. Would it
be all right to continue on a tennis tournament?
Okay, more on a tennis tournament. Because it
really was responsible for kind of major
reconnection. Yeah. Oh, by all means.
You
were both together by this time.
I did send in samples to Wilson, for instance, a
sample, and they came back and said could you
supply they would if you drop the price I think I
asked twelve and they said ten ten dollars a
hundred thousand which
I got all involved. All involved in his enthusiasm
because I thought it was a really creditable
project. Great, marvelous. And he had these
bonafide offers like from Wilson and he wrote to a
head ski company and I don't know if you know much
about aluminum tennis rackets or metal rackets
but they are now. So this was the foreman and he had
these prototypes. So right away I generated all my
excitement and my energies and we were really
pushing for manufacturing and you can tell you all
the technical problems that were involved. But
for then the next several years this went on.
We formed a family corporation. Cheryl was
married by that time, first married, to a young man
who worked for a big advertising agency in San
Francisco. And when Cheryl and Dave split up and he
went around the world that way and she went the
other way, he went to Australia. and we sent him off
with, we had some beautiful stationary printed
and the company name and a cable address and all
this kind of thing. Dennis, I think, was probably,
he wanted to do all of those things, but he always
kind of hung back on the exposure part of it, all
these trappings, you know, so he might want to talk
about his feelings on that score. The part I wanted
to get at was how we then moved, because of all this
tennis activity, when we did make a major move
then, it was to another setting, which was the
racket. I just wanted to kind of bring that into
some chronology. Because it was a major part of our
energy for about five or six years when we were
first married. Now that's the energy level up
here. On the feeling level, when I look back on it, I
can see how we devoted so much conversation,
energy, emotional effort, everything was going
into that tennis racket. along with other stuff.
So there was never any time for questions like are
coming, you know, what did you, my asking him
questions like what did you do when you were 10,
never came up. And I wonder if that was very
probably some kind of deliberate smoke screen
maybe. He'd always put something like that in
front of me. What does that mean? We never got
around to, I'm sorry you missed some of this. Yeah,
I want to But there's so much energy, emotional and
otherwise, devoted to something like a task
rocket project that I can see why we never got
around to talking about, like, what did you do when
you were five or ten? How do you feel about that or
something else?
I
think you're absolutely right. Exactly what it
was. Concentrate on that one project. And if it
wasn't that project, then the next project was the
development of the Racquet Club. And then there
was always another, you know, subsequent,
whatever it was. Yeah, but look at all these
successful millionaires in this country do the
same thing. They have no time for their love life
and they get divorced. So it is a, but it did serve a
dual purpose, you know. I said I did it because I
thought I could become independently wealthy or
get a decent job anyway. What I was bringing up was
then how we got from, because of the tennis racket,
the interest in tennis, when we did make a move, was
how we got to play in the long run. So it did help in
the long run. Yes. How did you naturally go from the
tennis racket? At the time, you were still working
in the social working, right? No. No? No.
Insurance company. I was an office manager for a
major insurance company. Oh, I see. That may be the
insurance company whose social security number
showed up in your list. No. In Stamford,
Connecticut. Oh, yes, right. I was with that
insurance
company for 10 years. In 1978, I took early
retirement.
Then we went to, um, then we went to, uh, Captive
City. I, uh, well,
I retired from office management. And I, um, took
a, uh, became a field underwriter. I took the
license as a candidate for underwriter. And went
down to one of our, one of our risk-taking
adventures. As he told you, we didn't have jobs or
anything like that. Uh, we bought a house down
there. Then
we had the racket club, John. First at Beavers. We
enlarged that into a racket
club venture. Stayed there for four years. And I
was doing my insurance on the side of the road.
Yeah, twice, you know, as I said, you know, Wilson
asked if I could produce $100,000 at $12. Well, I
knew I couldn't, at least not, I simply did not have
the numbers to... The numbers I had said $12, and
they said $10. Well, that's a $2 loss times
$100,000. It's just simply a $200,000 loss. Yes,
yes. Which may be all right for some companies. I
understand they do business that way to get
started. And it would have been. A large company
could have done it, and by the end of the first year,
they could have easily knocked off to $2 or $3,
whatever it took, and get it down. But as an
individual working out of a garage, you can't do
it. Mr. Carstens...
I have no idea. Remember the fun we had designing
the stationery, the logo? Yeah, we had a logo
business. She was good kind of in that to create a
business-like image, which I was not familiar
with at the time. A logo for the tennis? For the
stationery. FOR THE RECORD. OLYMPIA. IT REALLY
DOES. IF YOU'RE GOING TO DO A MARKETING EFFORT,
THEN YOU HAVE TO LOOK LIKE YOU ARE IN BUSINESS.
SURE, SURE. SO HE DESIGNED THE LOGO, AND WE HAVE THE
LETTERHEAD AND THE WHOLE THING. AND MR. CARSTENS,
ABOUT THAT PERIOD OF TIME, IS I THINK GETTING, HE
WAS JUST TIRED. YEAH. You know, give him what he's
best, and that would, well, not a lot of money, but,
you know, a significant amount of money for a small
meeting. Yeah, he got tired, and Gene got tired.
Well, he'll, yeah, I do. We've got to stop that,
because it's always making these submittals, and
they come back and they say, oh, that isn't quite
right, that's not quite what we want, it's too hot,
too long, too short, too expensive, too this, too
that, and it just can't do it anymore. It's a kind of
a continuous discouragement by him. It's been a
lot of work. Did you ever check back on your wanted
status? Did you ever wander into a post office just
for the sheer reason of looking to see if the
picture was up someplace? I would kind of look at
the picture sideways whenever I was in there, you
know, but I wouldn't linger very long. And did you
ever see the picture up there? I saw it, but it had to
be up there at one time or another. They all had seen
it. Every cop in the country was in the standings. I
don't know what the system was. Yes, they had. So
they must have seen it. Yes, you were right to be
concerned. It's... From what I understand about
the FBI records, they made a real concerted
effort. Yeah, they didn't want anybody setting
any new records. Yes, yes. They wanted to keep that
down. When, evidently, J. Edgar Hoover himself
wrote across it in blue ink, said, Bill Tribble to
me, that across your folder, just says something
about, suggests in close investigation or
something like that, H. which in blue ink means
this is J. Edgar Hoover. And as I said in the notes,
here's a man who went after Dillinger and didn't
give up on anybody, and he closed the Gartner file.
So they certainly were outlawed. Yeah. But I feel
that this is all part of... if any were if anybody
were to ask me if i were to write my book on how to be a
successful fugitive i would say you must get
yourself a better cover than just a name you know
get into something invent something because
while you're doing this all the concentration of
the other people are focused on that thing, you
know? Did it ever occur to you that if you did make
ten million dollars on it, it would thrust you into
the limelight? I noticed the businessmen don't
get into the limelight too much. They stay. They
can stay back. They can have other people out
front. The richer they get, they don't have to. You
want to tell them about another person who helped
you speaking? What's that? Walter. Walter helped
you. Oh, Walter Keel? Yes. He should be in your
lifetime somewhere. Okay. at the place where I
taught tennis after we started this club. Give me a
feeling of the year. 74. No, excuse me, I think
you're from 70 to 74. From 70 to 74, you were an
actress. We split from Palo Alto. Right. So we had
the
peninsula kind of thing. But mostly my kind of
taking charge of the situation and doing these
things, he went along with the hives. Right. Hives
and all. Hives and all. Understandably, sure,
because we just do at that age to just sort of just
dump everything and just pick up and go. Then... If
I was a citizen, I think it would have bothered me
much less, you know, because you could walk into
almost any place and get a job eventually, you
know. But, you know, my job, I'm limited, highly
limited to just a few areas where I... apply and
qualify. I mean, you can always get a job somewhere
and fake it for a couple of weeks, which I did long
enough and then I would like to do. Once you get
married, you can't say every two weeks I got a new
job. Did you ever have to join a union? No, I stayed
away. I felt that was another area I didn't want to
get into because I had to go to meetings.
dues and who knows, maybe strikes and ticket lines
and things like that. So I stay away from all that
stuff. I mean, they made good money in my area, like
in construction. And I, in a sense, wasn't a union.
I was a mason, you know. I mean, and they have some
sort of guild in Germany, the carpenters. Yes,
here too. They have guilds, you know. But that is a
little bit different. No, I felt I wanted to get
into it. I didn't... i want to get into some kind of
management
Anyway, we got this, we started that racket club.
It was going real good on these two courts. It was
going so well that the Teamsters who owned the
whole Kitten Taboodle of 500 acres, the golf
course and the two tennis courts, and then the
vacant land that we wanted to sell the lots on, But
there was a good idea maybe if they moved us from
where we were into, let's build a bigger racket
club and really do it up into a land promotion. So
they... took the list, probably, that we had of the
members, and got enough money from the bank, who
happens to be a tennis player in our club. His name
was Walter Field. He had just opened up the bank in
Watsonville, nearby.
He had sold some banks. The story was he had sold
some of the United Banks. Anyway, one of these rich
man's sons who, you know, he didn't have anything
really fun to do, so he... He would come from
Watsonville and play, and he would hire me to play
with him. You know, it just wouldn't take any work.
Officially it was a lesson, but he was good enough.
I went to Stanford. So we'd have really hard tennis
matches. And he enjoyed
that. He had me up to his place. He built a tennis
court and he owned a small mountain. Lovely place.
Vineyards. Just a perfect little mountain, you
know. And his estate was on top of it. And then he
built his new tennis court. And he had me give
lessons to his new wife. Fairly new wife. One of his
wives, yeah. And he raised it. I didn't know. I
didn't know. I didn't mean to. Yeah. But very
lovely lady. And he's a former school teacher.
And... So
we became good friends, as friendly as you can get
with a banker. And we wanted...
Oh yeah, we didn't have enough money to buy any of
that lot that Jean wanted, which she found, which
was as close to the ocean as she could come. So... We
had a little money, and I told him one day, I said,
how much we had, and he said, where's the lot? And we
told him where the lot was, and the next day he said,
okay, how much money do you want, Dennis? We drove
out there, and he said, the couple of things that he
said to you that you remembered... kind of that
influenced you? How much do you want to do? What do
you want to do, Dennis, to drive yourself crazy?
You wanted to bankroll in the lot, the house we
subsequently built, and another racket club. But
there was one story that you tell about how you
played in the tournament with him up at the
Stanford Club, or University Club at Stanford,
about this fear of exposure. Oh, yes. That was a
very traumatic thing. So he wanted me to play in his
alumni tournament
at Stanford. And we were winning. We were doing
fine. We got to the finals. And we had to wait an hour
or so. I was a little tired, and I walked around the
clubhouse that they had. And I looked up, and I see
that they have a plaque for all the winners every
year. And I knew. And when I came back down, I
couldn't hit a ball. Because I didn't want my name
and his name up there forever and ever. And have him
find out that I didn't want to dishonor him. That's
the way I was. I was totally froze. I could not hit
the simplest tennis ball. We lost the final. So the
name didn't go up. I hope someday Walter Field can
become aware of why he lost that tennis
championship. I'm sure he could have, you know, he
could have killed, well, he could have cared less.
He was the man who wanted to win the tennis
tournament. But that kind of thing got him. Oh, I
had to lose another one. I lost another one just
like it. The finals of the B Championships of
Northern California, which is a fairly big ranked
tournament. Finals, same thing. Lowell said,
this is the worst I've ever seen you play. Well,
every time I tossed the ball up, I thought I saw my
picture on the paper.
So I double faulted. I mean, you know, just like
this.
And outwardly, you were trying to hit the ball, but
inside, no. Yeah, you were actually two people at
that time. No, sure. Just off the letter. Yeah, you
were just pulling and pushing at the same time.
It's not very pleasant. I would have had no problem
winning. In addition to it, you don't even play.
I'm sure I never played as well as I could. Very
subtle. You cannot exceed that. You have just too
many things going against you. You have too many
things on your mind, and you always know that if
you're too successful, you're becoming too
visible. You don't ever play your best. Every once
in a while, you'd have flashes. Where you let
yourself go. Like, very early, as I started once,
when I went to Palm Springs from Hollywood, that
was in 1949, that year, because I went over there to
look, just out of curiosity. I did see Elizabeth
Taylor across the street. And I became a custodian
shortly for the Racquet Club, Palm Springs
Racquet Club, which was temporarily closed, and
Mrs. McManus who owned half of Palm Springs, hired
me as a custodian. Mrs. McManus? Mrs. McManus. She
owned half of Palm Springs. A grand old lady. She'd
walk around with her cane and tell the gardener to
cut the branches so the peaches were different. So
I got to play tennis. She said, I could teach
lessons, give lessons if I wanted to. Just sleep
there so that there's security. She felt that. She
had me up to her house. And then she checked me over.
And she probably couldn't figure me out. And
one day Tilden came around. Bill Tilden came
around and asked me if I wanted to play an
exhibition match.
He says, I'll let you win. He says, I won't
embarrass you. I'll let you win. He came with his
boyfriend. Introduced me to his young fellow. And
he was going with it. He was in his 60s. And I would
have loved to play. He could have beaten me six
love, six love. I would have loved it. But, you
know, picture in the paper with Bill Tilden. I just
wasn't ready. I would have loved it. How did you get
into a thing with Robert Stack?
I didn't realize that I worked at Sugar Bowl that
early, so I had to be 47, 48.
Now that I look at the thing, because if I worked for
Bill Klein, I worked, there must have been even 46,
because before I worked for Bill Klein, I worked
for Sugar Bowl, so they never turned me in when I
worked for them. Because Bill didn't know I could
ski. He saw me ski that year when I was the fry cook.
He saw me ski and then the following year gave me a
job.
And that was delightful. First of all, I told you
the security feeling that nobody was going to come
in there and look for you. Yes. And second, this
bartender was a Hollywood extra. He kept me in
stitches. He was so funny with his Hollywood
mustache and his cigarette holder. and his jokes
about Hollywood. He knew a lot of people. You know,
he was just absolutely, really a great guy, and
entertaining. I hope he ever made it. I kept
looking for him in any movies, but I never saw him.
Do you remember who he was? What his name was? I
can't remember his name, but I'm sure he could be
found in the records, you know, because if they
kept the records that long, you know. What was his
name? The Sugar Bowl Corporation. Yes. And
anyway, one day... And you were Peter Peterson?
No, I had to be. I had to be Dennis. I don't think I
switched my name, I'm not sure. So I had... Peter
Peterson had to be a very short, short life, you
know. Maybe one year, maybe, when I went up with
this Arkansas family. Right. And then I switched,
probably. And in comes this guy and asks for a
milkshake and a hamburger. And somebody goes,
this is Robert Stack, Robert Stack. Well, I didn't
really know who it was. All I knew was they said it
was a movie star. So, I mean, Medin was the nicest
guy. I did know, because he was really a tough, what
did he play? Elliot Nest. He did play Elliot Nest,
but that was much later. Much later, so I couldn't
have known. He played Air Force officers. Yeah.
During the Second World War. He was the most
charming guy you can ever imagine. Friendly, you
know, the common touch kind of thing. And you knew
his brother, too. And his brother would come in.
Jim, much better looking than Bob Stack.
Dark-haired, and he would come up with these
gorgeous women. They had a place, they'd towel
nearby, so they would come by and ski a little bit
and make a little trip. And did you get your picture
taken together? No. Oh. But I did get to ski with him
one day. I was off, and I happened to be on the slope
when he was there. We took a few runs together.
And then later on, we ran across him in a celebrity
tennis tournament, you see. Oh, that's right.
That's right. And did he recognize you, or did you
reintroduce yourself? Well, I reintroduced
myself. Took us to lunch. Took us to lunch. We sat
there. With Rosemary, his wife. Rosemary and...
Herb Cain came by, said hello. Yeah, but the other
lady that was there, the wife of the
ventriloquist. Oh, yeah, Edgar Bergen. Mrs.
Bergen. Mrs. Bergen was
there, too. Then, to again illustrate, I mean,
names to her. What city was this in? rolling hills
summer and this
was about what year celebrity
We had the club then. Yeah, and we were going to all
the celebrities. He would play as a professional
and you'd play with celebrities. Or we'd have
those kinds of events at our club. Or we'd go down to
Pebble Beach. We went to Eastwood and his friends.
murph griffin all the time hangs out there oh so
that when we moved later to hawaii in 1974 before we
got jobs or anything we had a little money that we
sold our property that we built on in monterey and
we didn't have so for the first six months we were
there we looked around for things to do and he
volunteered to run a celebrity tournament. So
this is on Milwaukee now.
Right. Cool Lima. Cool Lima Resort, which is now
Turtle Bay. And it was the James McArthur. James
McArthur. Yes, yes. Tournament. So then Dennis
was the tournament director, and he played, he and
Lloyd Bridges, didn't you win? Yeah, we played a
match, yeah. So now again, being involved, lots of
picture taking, lots of writing and everything.
it always seemed to me that he was basking in this
kind of thing. I never got any kind of sense of fear
or apprehension. It was no more, more, more. Mike
Mannix, what's his name now? Mike Connors. You
know how many people are going to pick up this book
and say... But, you see, as long as there are no
professional photographers, some guy with a
little camera can take all the pictures he wants.
See, I knew that You have to have certain types of
pictures before the... You have to have very sharp
pictures before anybody will publish it in any
national magazine, because I'd already been shot
down with my pictures. So I knew that it isn't that
easy. You can take a lot of pictures. It takes a long
time before you get anything published. So if
somebody comes with a little camera, take all the
pictures you want, you're not even going to look at
them. So it's very, very fluky. It had to be a very
fluky thing. Well, how do you think Lloyd Bridges
would feel if he knew you played this? I don't know.
I will certainly apologize for any... 38 years on
the FBI list. What? I didn't hear that. 38 years on
the FBI's list. What Lloyd Bridges is going to say.
You've got to see those pictures. They're
perfect. We have an old album. Is that right? Oh,
yeah. But these are all the cameras. You see,
they're not... professional photographers.
Yeah.
If they really set out their minds.
I remember that. He was skiing, wasn't he? She
played that one. That's right. It was a skiing, a
hunting lodge accident or something. Skiing
accident. I think the sixth shot was the one that
accidentally killed him. The sixth shot
accidentally killed him. We have a good lawyer.
Not even very good looking. Oh, and Joanne Fluke,
she was out. Yeah, the guy from the monkeys. Oh,
you've got to send me some of those photographs.
Any guy from Mission Impossible, the
good-looking guy? Oh, yes, yes. Peter Graves.
Yeah, Peter. And Al Harrington from the Bible
Show. A lot of people. Yeah. They play tennis
together. And he has the pictures. So what's the
purpose of this? You just suggested a whole new
title for the book, something like Hiding Out in
the Open. Hiding in the Open. Well, this is part of
my idea that I mentioned. It was that I feel that I
was making my life fun, you see? And that's why I
said... There was, you know, it was only downhill.
If I turn any of this over to somebody else, they're
going to screw me up for sure. Why would I ever let
anybody touch, don't even touch me? You've heard
that expression, you know, because you're just
going to foul me out, you see. Because you've had
different lives. It was like a roller coaster.
There have been a lot of different lives. A life as
an inventor, a life as a picker, a life as a tennis
player, ski instructor. You've had whole
different lives. You literally shed the skin.
Enter a new name. Fortunately, on a graph, it looks
like it's all going up. On a graph, it's getting
better and better. They were all fun. I try to
string the good days together, because that's the
way I teach these young kids how to play tennis, or
anybody. You string good shots together. One good
shot does not do it. Oh, yes. Did you ever have a
traffic ticket or a... action yes one early with
Bill with her Lipkin greatest guy in the world
gives me this job and sends me out and gives me all
this self-esteem and confidence you know he puts
in me and gives me a car you know and the only
experience I had was my dad made me or gave me a
opportunity for a driver's license without, we
did not have a car. He just felt I should have a car
because I was, he looked ahead, you know, he knew I
was going to need some experience. There was a
Plymouth with a shift, you know, and, uh, In
Berkeley, the streets are tough anyway, and sure
enough, I just barely escaped being killed. And
somebody bounced off my front end because I simply
was not an experienced enough driver. But I got
away without it. I think there's a funny story.
About what year was that? When you were the farm
laborer and you were hitchhiking. Yeah,
hitchhiking. Way before that. Yeah,
hitchhiking. Because they pick you up because
they want relief for driving. You go thousands of
miles from one state to another, or from
California to Oregon. They expect you to drive.
Did you ever go to the East Coast, by the way? No. All
the time you've spent has been on the West Coast.
East Coast, you went to sell the baseball game.
Just a baseball game to New York and right back. I
had a round-trip ticket. I could not wait to get
back. I could never make it the way I could make it in
the east.
But it was a lesson to have. I went up to the
purchasing department of Woolworth and present
my toys and my things. I was
trying to figure out how this thing works. Did you
have other toys besides the baseball toy? I
developed a little line, yeah, from some of the old
European kind of toys that I hadn't seen around
here. Some spin things that I hadn't seen for a long
time, spinners and stuff. Now back again, I see
them advertised on TV because they get reborn with
new colors and new material type things. So I had a
catalog and everything. What did you call the
line? Do you remember what you... Did you have a
name for the company or a name for the line? What did
we call us? I don't know whether we called us
Olympiads, whether the toy line was... I have to
ask Jean, because she was in on the tail end of that.
It had a nice catalog printed up, but it never took.
In fact, some of these professionals back east
that saw me, the purchasing guys, they would...
You have to be able to deliver. Did we, in the toy
line, did we call it Olympiad or was it the toys? You
were not in on that. Was my toy line before that?
Yeah, so I don't remember what we called it. So
Olympiad was the company's name for the aluminum.
For the tennis rack. So you got a ticket? When the
accident with the appointment? So I didn't get
into any trouble with the judge, is what I'm trying
to say. I was extremely fortunate that nobody
really got hurt. It couldn't have been very, very
serious. And that was it. That's the only problem.
traffic accident that I was ever in. Maybe I had a
bump or something. And I won the speeding ticket in
Hawaii, and I remember whipping out, I always kept
Gene's picture in a bikini right next to my
driver's license. It distracts him. Yeah, very
clever. Very clever.
We'll use that picture on the card. That's right.
Where is that picture? I left it at home. Remember,
you made me change wallets. It's all your fault. Is
that right? It makes me throw things out. I didn't
make you throw it out. I like that picture, but I
don't know. Yeah, it's in another wallet, but it's
a very good picture. Excellent picture. And it was
designed, put there, to keep you distracted from
the driver's license. Yeah, I left it open. i don't
do these it's not all that deliberate but it seems
to these things work out it's not it's not all that
calculation behind it it's it i don't know it must
be unconscious or whatever it is these funny
things keep happening these these coincidences
they keep happening to me like we're talking on the
way out with these celebrities you know i play in a
celebrity tournament with three celebrities and
these little boys come by want my autograph and
These three celebrities are down the fairway, and
I'm still signing autographs. And I have to run
down to catch up with them. Or this Hollywood actor
at the Kahala Hilton saying, are you Rod McDowell?
And I said, no, but I know you. I said, I've seen you
in many movies. And this is the conversation where
we're looking at the dolphins going up and down. I
mean, unreal. Were you going to tell a hitchhiking
story? Oh, yeah, about the driving. So they expect
you to drive. This one guy, you know, I took over the
truck and he watched me drive going over these
mountains, these ridges, you know, you can't...
It was just before the freeways, you see. And you
can't pass on these mountains. And I didn't
probably. I passed at the wrong time, trying to be
too aggressive driver. And he just absolutely had
a fit and said, no, no, no, no, no. Just move over.
Don't drive. Let me drive. It was the first time
you'd ever driven a vehicle. Probably an American
vehicle. I was just lucky that I didn't kill myself
or anybody else. So there again, if you're not
lucky, You know, any of these things can just
simply turn into disaster. Oh, sure, sure. So
somebody has to watch over you while you're doing
all this.
Did you... See? Yeah.
In helping to raise... Mark and Cheryl, did you get
the feeling that a lot of the lessons you learned
should be passed on to them? Absolutely. And that
they could do things better if they listened to you
and understood why you're saying that.
Absolutely. But you had to hold back some of those.
Oh, no, just the lessons, the discipline lessons,
and the concentration, and the that it takes to be a
fugitive. It takes concentration. You know, pay
attention to everything you do at all times. And as
it turned out, as a side benefit, that is the only
way to live. You cannot walk around and daze and
think about other things all the time. You have to
concentrate and be aware of where you are, look
behind you, It's just good common sense. To be a
fugitive is a very healthy, you become a very
healthy animal. Strangely enough, I'm sure some
experts will disagree with me, but your senses are
totally sharpened at all times. So you're very
tired, but you're also very on and off, on and off.
Your circulation is excellent. Yes, yes. And in
the evening before you go to sleep, you recount
what could you have done wrong that might have...
Yes, your conversation, everything. Your eyes,
you see everything, which helps you become an
artist. You can paint because you learn to see
everything. So it's just a sharpening and it's
recommended highly.